I standard question you know standard
question I think it's this fake you
think it's right huh what the hell's
wrong way that's open hand slap huh you
think it thank you huh started snowing
here in middletown Orange County brought
eight o'clock and the plows went out
around nine o'clock we've got about a a
good inch inner wall if you want
something to happen to you
arrived I had the Bulldogs on a leash I
think I'm okay novella solicitor you
might see pillow charisma PLA and Judy
I'm out of here put your on all right
just give it a little gas and that your
real quick and that's it
oh okay they basically said that 10 but
blow your fucking head off you you
didn't have enough with what you wear
haha camera right now call the police
the death of a college football icon oh
I've actually been practicing my Allah
you guys want to see I've been
practicing hard ok few years ago one boy
I'm Stephanie Sylvia and coming up we'll
show you some things you can do have fun
in warm weather
i will show you bit it here for many
reasons and it's just that's just one of
the reason the two guys having fun but
now part of their sentence a couple is
going to have them right Texas rat
snakes are going to be one of the
largest snakes that you find in the
Metroplex area